
<!-- This document is generated by "mage doc". DO NOT EDIT! -->
# GCP
{% hint style="info" %}Required fields are in <b>bold</b>.{% endhint %}
##GCP.AuditLog
Cloud Audit Logs maintains three audit logs for each Google Cloud project, folder, and organization: Admin Activity, Data Access, and System Event.
Google Cloud services write audit log entries to these logs to help you answer the questions of &#34;who did what, where, and when?&#34; within your Google Cloud resources.

Panther Enterprise Only

Reference: https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit

<table>
<tr><th align=center>Column</th><th align=center>Type</th><th align=center>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>logName</b></code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>The resource name of the log to which this log entry belongs.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>severity</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>The severity of the log entry. The default value is LogSeverity.DEFAULT.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>insertId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>A unique identifier for the log entry.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>resource</code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"type":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"labels":{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;string:string<br>}<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>The monitored resource that produced this log entry.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>timestamp</code></td><td><code>timestamp</code></td><td valign=top>The time the event described by the log entry occurred.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>receiveTimestamp</b></code></td><td><code>timestamp</code></td><td valign=top>The time the log entry was received by Logging.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>labels</code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;string:string<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>A set of user-defined (key, value) data that provides additional information about the log entry.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>operation</code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"id":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"producer":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"first":boolean,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"last":boolean<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>Information about an operation associated with the log entry, if applicable.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>trace</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>Resource name of the trace associated with the log entry, if any.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>httpRequest</code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"requestMethod":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"requestURL":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"requestSize":bigint,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"status":smallint,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"responseSize":bigint,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"userAgent":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"remoteIP":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"serverIP":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"referer":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"latency":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"cacheLookup":boolean,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"cacheHit":boolean,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"cacheValidatedWithOriginServer":boolean,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"cacheFillBytes":bigint,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"protocol":string<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>Information about the HTTP request associated with this log entry, if applicable.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>spanId</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>The span ID within the trace associated with the log entry.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>traceSampled</code></td><td><code>boolean</code></td><td valign=top>The sampling decision of the trace associated with the log entry.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>sourceLocation</code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"file":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"line":bigint,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"function":string<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>Source code location information associated with the log entry, if any.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>protoPayload</b></code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"at_sign_type":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"serviceName":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"methodName":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"resourceName":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"numResponseItems":bigint,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"status":{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"code":int,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"message":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"details":string<br>},<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"authenticationInfo":{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"principalEmail":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"authoritySelector":string<br>},<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"authorizationInfo":[{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"resource":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"permission":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"granted":boolean<br>}],<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"requestMetadata":{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"callerIP":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"callerSuppliedUserAgent":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"callerNetwork":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"requestAttributes":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"destinationAttributes":string<br>},<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"request":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"response":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"serviceData":string<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>The AuditLog payload</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_log_type</b></code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with type of log</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_row_id</b></code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with unique id (within table)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_event_time</b></code></td><td><code>timestamp</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added standardize event time (UTC)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_parse_time</b></code></td><td><code>timestamp</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added standardize log parse time (UTC)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_ip_addresses</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of ip addresses associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_domain_names</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of domain names associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_sha1_hashes</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of SHA1 hashes associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_md5_hashes</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of MD5 hashes associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_sha256_hashes</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of SHA256 hashes of any algorithm associated with the row</td></tr>
</table>

