
<!-- This document is generated by "mage doc". DO NOT EDIT! -->
# GSuite
{% hint style="info" %}Required fields are in <b>bold</b>.{% endhint %}
##GSuite.Reports
Contains the activity events for a specific account and application such as the Admin console application or the Google Drive application.
Reference: https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/reports/v1/reference/activities/list#response

<table>
<tr><th align=center>Column</th><th align=center>Type</th><th align=center>Description</th></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>id</b></code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"applicationName":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"customerId":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"time":timestamp,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"uniqueQualifier":string<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>Unique identifier for each activity record.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>actor</code></td><td><code>{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"email":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"profileId":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"callerType":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"key":string<br>}</code></td><td valign=top>User doing the action.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>kind</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>The type of API resource. For an activity report, the value is reports#activities.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>ownerDomain</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>This is the domain that is affected by the report&#39;s event. For example domain of Admin console or the Drive application&#39;s document owner.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>ipAddress</code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>IP address of the user doing the action. This is the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user when logging into G Suite which may or may not reflect the user&#39;s physical location. For example, the IP address can be the user&#39;s proxy server&#39;s address or a virtual private network (VPN) address. The API supports IPv4 and IPv6.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>events</code></td><td><code>[{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"type":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"name":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;"parameters":[{<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"name":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"value":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"intValue":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"boolValue":boolean,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"multiValue":[string],<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"multiIntValue":[string],<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"messageValue":string,<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;"multiMessageValue":[string]<br>}]<br>}]</code></td><td valign=top>Activity events in the report.</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_log_type</b></code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with type of log</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_row_id</b></code></td><td><code>string</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with unique id (within table)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_event_time</b></code></td><td><code>timestamp</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added standardize event time (UTC)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code><b>p_parse_time</b></code></td><td><code>timestamp</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added standardize log parse time (UTC)</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_ip_addresses</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of ip addresses associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_domain_names</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of domain names associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_sha1_hashes</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of SHA1 hashes associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_md5_hashes</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of MD5 hashes associated with the row</td></tr>
<tr><td valign=top><code>p_any_sha256_hashes</code></td><td><code>[string]</code></td><td valign=top>Panther added field with collection of SHA256 hashes of any algorithm associated with the row</td></tr>
</table>

